{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa240 Bioconductor. \uc0\u8220{}RNAseq123.\uc0\u8221{} Accessed April 26, 2026. http://bioconductor.org/packages/RNAseq123/.\
Broad Institute, Inc., Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Regents of the University of California. {\i{}Molecular Signatures Database}. 2026 2004. https://www.gsea-msigdb.org/gsea/msigdb.\
Charity Law, Monther Alhamdoosh, Shian Su, Xueyi Dong, Luyi Tian, Gordon Smyth, Matthew Ritchie. {\i{}RNAseq123}. Bioconductor, n.d. https://doi.org/10.18129/B9.BIOC.RNASEQ123.\
Gordon Smyth [Cre, Aut]. {\i{}Limma}. Bioconductor, released 2017. https://doi.org/10.18129/B9.BIOC.LIMMA.\
Kariyawasam, Hasaru, Shian Su, Oliver Voogd, Matthew E. Ritchie, and Charity W. Law. \uc0\u8220{}Dashboard-Style Interactive Plots for RNA-Seq Analysis Are R Markdown Ready with {\i{}Glimma} 2.0.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}NAR Genomics and Bioinformatics} 3, no. 4 (2021): lqab116. https://doi.org/10.1093/nargab/lqab116.\
Lai, Xiuping, Yan Yan, Lu Sun, Zili Lei, and Yanhong Yang. \uc0\u8220{}CLDN7: Epithelial Gatekeeper from Physiology to Pathology\uc0\u8209{}roles in Cancer and Epithelial\uc0\u8209{}related Diseases (Review).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}International Journal of Molecular Medicine} 57, no. 5 (2026): 1\uc0\u8211{}13. https://doi.org/10.3892/ijmm.2026.5781.\
Sheridan, Julie M., Matthew E. Ritchie, Sarah A. Best, et al. \uc0\u8220{}A Pooled shRNA Screen for Regulators of Primary Mammary Stem and Progenitor Cells Identifies Roles for Asap1 and Prox1.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}BMC Cancer} 15, no. 1 (2015): 221. https://doi.org/10.1186/s12885-015-1187-z.\
Shian Su, Matthew E. Ritchie. {\i{}Glimma}. Bioconductor, released 2017. https://doi.org/10.18129/B9.BIOC.GLIMMA.\
The GeneCards human gene database. {\i{}RASEF Gene - RAS And EF-Hand Domain Containing}. January 15, 2026. https://www.genecards.org/cgi-bin/carddisp.pl?gene=RASEF.\
Wu, Di, and Gordon K. Smyth. \uc0\u8220{}Camera: A Competitive Gene Set Test Accounting for Inter-Gene Correlation.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Nucleic Acids Research} 40, no. 17 (2012): e133\uc0\u8211{}e133. https://doi.org/10.1093/nar/gks461.\
Yunshun Chen <Yuchen@Wehi. Edu.Au>, Aaron Lun<Alun@Wehi Edu Au>. {\i{}edgeR}. Bioconductor, released 2017. https://doi.org/10.18129/B9.BIOC.EDGER.\
N.d.\
}